Welcome to this course
where you will learn about using generative
AI for data analytics. Generative AI is
artificial intelligence that has revolutionized data analysis by transforming existing information into
concise, fresh content. Instead of coping with
incomprehensible data, you can streamline
the information into straightforward and
insightful observations in simple language quickly. Generative AI can
create synthetic data, create insightful visuals
from complex data, fill in missing values
in a data set, generate code from prompts in
plain language, and so on. If you are aspiring to
become a data analyst with knowledge of this
progressive technology, this course is for you. This is the third course
in the generative AI for data analytics program and
caters to all learners seeking for a career in data analytics
with basic knowledge of artificial intelligence and with some experience
in data analysis. This three-module
course welcomes any aspiring data analyst inclined to learn
about generative AI. This course does not
require any prior degree. However, having a basic
knowledge of data analytics, artificial intelligence,
prompt engineering, Python programming, and generative AI would
be beneficial. In the first module, you will learn
about the different generative AI tools
available for data analytics and the
successful implementations of generative AI
and data analytics. You will also learn
about the use of generative AI for
data generation, preparation and augmentation,
database querying, and Q&A model and insights. In the next module,
you will learn how to draw insights from
a dataset using different generative
AI tools and use generative AI for
data visualization. You will also learn how
to use generative AI to create interactive
dashboards and storytelling. In addition, you will
understand the considerations, challenges, and ethical
usage using generative AI. In the final module, you will do a guided practice project and go through the key
takeaways from this course. You will also complete the final assessment
of this course. There's a lot to cover here. To get the most out of this
course, view each video, read through all the articles, complete all hands-on
activities, and check your learning
with each quiz. If you need help,
please reach out to your peers or the course staff on the course discussion forums. We're thrilled to have you join us on this learning journey. Let's get started. Good luck.